Welcome back all.
So today I am going to go ahead and open up the talk about angular directives but we're going to primarily
talk about energy and energy for as they are angular directives and we will in all likelihood be using
them later on as well.
But for now you need these two NGF in our case here will mean that if condition has been met it will
display the element otherwise the element will not even exist.
So I'm referring to this line here.
So if this is false this line will not exist if this is true this line will exist.
So not only being displayed or not being displayed but it exists or does not exist depending on the
condition here the status of the condition here.
Anyway this is very similar to hidden to the hidden element but it is different in the sense that with
hidden.
You remember when we used hidden here in the previous tutorials this paragraph is either displayed or
not displayed with hidden but with Ngee if it exists or it does not exist.
So if it doesn't exist Obviously it cannot be displayed as well.
That is the difference between them.
However whether we use hidden or NGF in our case it really doesn't make any difference in terms of the
user viewing the actual page or the content being displayed there.
So another thing that we need to know about another directive is really to be familiar with is the NGI
for an entry for in essence is a loop or a way of looping through something or repeating the code.
I will demonstrate it down below very soon.
So we have my first thing to this.
We know that this part has been explained extensively.
And then we come to this part.
So it says here.
Right.
So let's change it to true ups.
The truth and say it.
So now this paragraph is to be shown so there is nothing really new in this paragraph.
I mean you have these E-M tags which means that the letters will be tilted to the right but that's about
it.
We've already talked about all the all the all the segments of this element of paragraph.
But anyway the NGF here if it is true the element will exist and therefore it will be displayed.
OK.
So yup it's definitely there your email is.
Test that test dot com.
So your email is and then current user dot email.
Excellent.
But if you go back to the site and if you press F 12 and I have zoomed this in as much as I could probably
a little bit more hopefully you can see everything now.
If you go into body and then my app and then scroll down and go into the first day of and then scroll
down you will see ups that were you will see that there is a paragraph here.
You open up the paragraph and you see indeed that the that the paragraph itself doesn't exist.
It says your email is and then test that test dot com.
OK so it exists.
But if we close this and go back to the atom and change this to false and if you save it and then go
back to the site and wait for it to load you will see that the email is not written out at all so it
doesn't it's it's not there it's supposed to say your email is except for five press of 12 again.
If by open up the body and if I open up my app and if I go into the first live as before you will see
the paragraph which we were looking for doesn't actually exist at all.
It's not here it's non existent.
So that's what I want to do with ngi for now for the time being.
I want you to disregard the asterisks as that falls into a rather advanced subject that will be processed
later on during the course.
But as I said for now only need to know is that it needs to be placed in front of NGF and ngi force
or this is the syntax.
Energy and energy for with Asterix in front.
I will explain later on when we get to the complex things that advanced things.
But for the time being there just is no point of whatsoever for me to explain it as it would only serve
the purpose of confusing a lot of people out there.
And you can use this exact same syntax and just change false to true or true to false.
You can use it pretty much anywhere in pretty much any element to display that element or not displayed
for that element to exist or for that element not preexist.
We will make this dynamic in a moment.
So we are going to go back to our app component Altius and everything is the same.
So we'll get to this part as well.
But for the time being I just want you to take a look at the hide e-mail bullion that we have and we're
going to utilize it in order to make this more flexible and more dynamic.
So I'm just going to go ahead and do.
Exclamation mark.
Hide e-mail.
OK.
So you can play you can you can play around with variables or properties as they're called in angler
too.
So Heidi mail here and I'm going to go ahead and negate hide e-mail.
So what does it mean to negate it.
Well if it's false when negated it will become true.
So this will be this will be this when this is evaluated this will actually be true.
Therefore the Spirograph will exist.
Why are we using this bullet here so that the button would actually work.
Because for the time being it doesn't actually work it doesn't do anything.
You see when I talk or click nothing happens it is not displayed.
But when I put this in here I didn't save it yet.
And down below I say unclick call method the goal and method to go basically uses the Boullion and then
negates the Boullion and changes for false to true and true to false or depending on art depending on
the number depending on the click.
So if you click it it's going to change it and depending on the initial status.
If I save this now and wait for it to load.
See when I click it disappears but I click it it reappears.
UPS UPS UPS UPS it pops in and out of existence so to say OK now we can move on down below the UL.
We have basically we have a list of users who wish to display.
So we will use the UL element as that is an element for an ordered list.
So UL an ordered list and then we have the L I which is which is again an HD on an HD M-L element and
it stands for list elements
reward it basically is for list elements it's ally but it's less Dortmund's.
Anyway we would like to add for every user one a list item.
So Engy will do this for us.
So what do we mean by adding a list item for every user.
Well this is a list.
I mean this is this is NHT an element for list elements and we would like this to happen what we have
on our page.
So you have like a list item for one analyst night of two and three and four and you have certain things
that are printed out for every one of these.
OK.
So for that we need to use energy for order for us to use the energy for we need some sort of array.
So we've created an array here India component company to.
And this is a basically this is a property of type array whose elements are of type user.
So once again this is a property called users.
That's an arbitrary name of type array whose elements are of type user and interface user exists down
below which we have created way way way way way back.
So the contents of this cerate basically have user name user name user name user name are types or you
get username here and user one is of type username.
These are two of type user name and so on.
Again email user 1 at example dot com type e-mail and so on for the rest of them.
So we would like to display all of them on to the screen.
We could of course access each one of these manually but that's like imagine if you had 200 elements
are you seriously going to access every one every one of them manually that would that would be insane
for the lack for the lack of a better word.
That's why we use a loop to go through each one to go through each element and for the loop to do the
painstakingly hard process for us.
So to say anyway I'm going to go ahead and split the split down
and get back to the array.
Let me just resize it a little bit so that it's a little bit clearer so that we can correlate between
the two.
OK.
So this loop here so esoterics and G-4 now hash user that's an arbitrary name.
We could have typed in whatever we wanted if we could have typed in Thaller blah blah blah blah whatever
or we could just smash the keyboard and then offi off.
This is part of the syntax so this is mandatory.
This is as it is so off.
And then users which is referring to this array the property of type arrays so users.
And this is something we're going to come to in a moment.
So what we are doing here in essence is basically Engy for will loop through every user.
So through every user here in a property of users of type array and it will make an ally element for
each iteration.
So for each user it will actually create NLI element what is going on so users is being pooled the values
from it are being pooled and they're being placed into user.
And then the user and then by using what's been put into user enlightenments will be created for each
one of them.
Now index that we have plays to here.
So indexes a keyword.
You can type in whatever you want.
A place a hash and then a name of your iterator and then equal.
And then here you need an index keyword and then down below where you will keep track of our iteration
so that we know that this was the first that this was the second.
This was the third that this was the fourth etc..
Then you have user darte user name so you are pulling the username from the up above.
So use it as user username.
Sorry not far above
you're pulling it from right here.
My bad.
So basically typing user and then Daut and then username.
OK so whatever is the current iteration wherever it is it's right it's going to pool like user 1.
So and then we have this minus sign.
We're not really doing anything with it which is displaying a dash of the screen and then the tilted
letters of the user.
Email.
OK.
So I know it it's so confusing.
And let's go through it one more time.
This to make sure that you understand this because this is quite important and I know the first time
I've learned about this it it took me took me like three or four explanations to actually figure it
out.
I know that you can rewind video but I like to make things easy for you anyway.
You have this user which is an arbitrary name a reference and it says off.
And then you have the name of the phrase so users users here and it will take this entire line and place.
Users will take this entire line and then with will place it into user.
And then when you print it out onto the screen it will say user dot username so user dot username which
is referring to this username which is the first iteration.
So what is the value of it.
It's user 1.
And then you have user dot e-mail.
The value of email is user one at example dot com.
And then it will create an ally and for each one of these.
And it will play it on the screen.
Simple as that.
Now you why did you didn't understand it.
And if you still need help.
Well we're always to find your questions to be welcoming in the Q and A section so please feel free
to post as many as you like.
And we will do our best to actually explain it.
Let's go ahead and inspect this page once again so just press 12 if your Firefox and windows
and go into the body go into my app and go to.
And as you can see make ups go go.
There you go.
So for each one of these Let me just a case of each one of these.
You had an ally element that was created say a user.
Forget it says here for Kate for Ally Allaman first of course but you can see it on the screen and then
it says user for Dasch user for dash and then have user for example dot com.
And it's an alignment and this process has been repeated for each one of these.
Now imagine if you had like three 400 elements you would really want to loop through them.
You really wouldn't want to create an alignment for each single individual element.
I mean that would be for each each individual to like value or each individual line that would be horrible.
I mean your code would look enormous.
That is why we use loops here.
Sort of.
So it's ngi for which is basic basically in essence a loop like that with a grain of salt.
OK.
So bid you farewell and hope to see you in the follow tutorial where we will actually begin the construction
of our application so front the next one in all likelihood we will begin constructing a real world application
that you will begin begin building from scratch.
You will see nothing.
And then over the period of a certain period of time as you watch these courses and as you do what I
do you will see your application come alive with your firewall.